README.md, before:

BitTalker
=========

Raspberry PI talking bitcoin ticker

This app uses festival, and polls the current Bitstamp price (once, every 61s, to ensure it does not exceed their 600/10m polling rule), as well as computing the BTC value stored in a bitcoin-qt wallet which is running on a separate computer on the network. Notably, I didn't want it jabbering away every time the price changed. As such, it is designed to only speak based upon a user designated variance.

For example, only talk when the price has changed, up or down, by $5.00.

In addition to talking, it will print to a log. Though, in general, outside of debugging, and to keep storage requirements to a minimum, it is better to set the debug flag to 'False'.

And finally, this first pass example is somewhat of a kludge, in that it is my first attempt at writing a python script. So, at this point, it reflects USD only. For example, since I could  not figure out how to set up the tokens so that festival would correctly speak dollars, I kludged a string replace. So, if you want it to speak in a different currency, you will need to modify the dollar bit.

Commit message:

README.md
modified description to incorporate recent code change and config file addition

README.md, after:

BitTalker
=========

Raspberry PI talking bitcoin ticker

This app uses festival, and polls the current Bitstamp price (once, every 61s, to ensure it does not exceed their 600/10m polling rule), as well as computing the BTC value stored in a bitcoin-qt wallet which is running on a separate computer on the network. Notably, I didn't want it jabbering away every time the price changed. As such, it is designed to only speak based upon a user designated variance as set in the default.cfg file.

For example, only talk when the price has changed, up or down, by $5.00. In addition to talking, this sript will print to a log, which has a preset filesize before rolling over, creating a new log.

As for exchange selection, since this script relies upon json, switching exchanges is as simple as setting the exchange url (exurl) and price field (pfld) in the default.cfg file as defined by the target exchange API.

And finally, this first pass example is somewhat of a kludge, in that it is my first attempt at writing a python script. So, at this point, it reflects USD only. For example, since I could  not figure out how to set up the tokens so that festival would correctly speak dollars, I kludged a string replace. So, if you want it to speak in a different currency, you will need to modify the dollar bit.
